Replace envoy_reloadable_features_successful_active_health_check_uneject_host with config (#29303)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/arch_overview/upstream/outlier.rst

.. note::

>   If :ref:`active health <arch_overview_health_checking>` is also configured, a successful active health check unejects the host and
>   clears all outlier detection counters. If your active health check is not validating data plane traffic then in situation where
>   active health check passes but the traffic is failing the endpoint will be unejected prematurely. To disable this option then set
>   :ref:`outlier_detection.successful_active_health_check_uneject_host<envoy_v3_api_field_config.cluster.v3.OutlierDetection.successful_active_health_check_uneject_host>`
>   configuration flag as false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If :ref:`active health checking <arch_overview_health_checking>` is also configured, a successful active health check unejects the host and
  clears all outlier detection counters. If your active health check is not validating data plane traffic then in situations where
  active health checking passes but the traffic is failing, the endpoint will be unejected prematurely. To disable this option then set
  :ref:`outlier_detection.successful_active_health_check_uneject_host<envoy_v3_api_field_config.cluster.v3.OutlierDetection.successful_active_health_check_uneject_host>`
  configuration flag to ``false``.
```
